README.md, before:

<div id="top"></div>

[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/majstorm/restaurant-booking">
    <img src="docs/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="240" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Booking manager</h3>

  <p align="center">
    An example of a booking manager app
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/majstorm/restaurant-booking"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="#">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/majstorm/restaurant-booking/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/majstorm/restaurant-booking/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)

Initial challenge for Booking manager system

Here's why:
* Exhibit knowledge of Node.js, Docker, and various technologies, like databases and testing
* See my train of thoughts
* Have a starting point for further discussion

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



### Built With


* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
* [React.js](https://reactjs.org/)
* [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)
* [Koa.js](https://koajs.com/)
* [Jest.js](https://jestjs.io/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

In order to setup this project it is needed to follow these steps 

### Prerequisites

You need to have [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) installed on your system
Also it is assumed you have git installed on your machine

### Installation

_In order to have the app running, follow these steps_

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/majstorm/restaurant-booking.git
   ```
3. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
4. Enter your API in `config.js`
   ```js
   const API_KEY = 'ENTER YOUR API';
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Use this space to show useful examples of how a project can be used. Additional screenshots, code examples and demos work well in this space. You may also link to more resources.

_For more examples, please refer to the [Documentation](https://example.com)_

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [x] Add Changelog
- [x] Add back to top links
- [ ] Add Additional Templates w/ Examples
- [ ] Add "components" document to easily copy & paste sections of the readme
- [ ] Multi-language Support
    - [ ] Chinese
    - [ ] Spanish

See the [open issues](https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Milivoje Majstorovic - [@majstorm](https://linkedin.com/in/majstorm)

Project Link: [https://github.com/majstorm/restaurant-booking](https://github.com/majstorm/restaurant-booking)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/majstorm
[product-screenshot]: docs/logo.png

Commit message:

Fixed route file required old file

README.md, after:

<div id="top"></div>

[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/majstorm/restaurant-booking">
    <img src="docs/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="240" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Booking manager</h3>

  <p align="center">
    An example of a booking manager app
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/majstorm/restaurant-booking"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="#">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/majstorm/restaurant-booking/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/majstorm/restaurant-booking/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)

Initial challenge for Booking manager system

Here's why:
* Exhibit knowledge of Node.js, Docker, and various technologies, like databases and testing
* See my train of thoughts
* Have a starting point for further discussion

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



### Built With


* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
* [React.js](https://reactjs.org/)
* [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)
* [Koa.js](https://koajs.com/)
* [Jest.js](https://jestjs.io/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

In order to setup this project it is needed to follow these steps 

### Prerequisites

You need to have [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) installed on your system
Also it is assumed you have git installed on your machine

### Installation

_In order to have the app running, follow these steps_

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/majstorm/restaurant-booking.git
   ```
3. Create global environment file .env inside the /restaurant-booking with defined fields
   ```sh
   MONGO_USER=root
   MONGO_PASSWORD=superbroot
   MONGO_DB=restaurant
   ```
4. Build the docker services using docker-compose and command
   ```sh
   docker-compose build
   ```
5. Start the services with command
   ```sh
   docker-compose up
   ```  

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Use this space to show useful examples of how a project can be used. Additional screenshots, code examples and demos work well in this space. You may also link to more resources.

_For more examples, please refer to the [Documentation](https://example.com)_

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [x] Add Changelog
- [x] Add back to top links
- [ ] Add Additional Templates w/ Examples
- [ ] Add "components" document to easily copy & paste sections of the readme
- [ ] Multi-language Support
    - [ ] Chinese
    - [ ] Spanish

See the [open issues](https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Milivoje Majstorovic - [@majstorm](https://linkedin.com/in/majstorm)

Project Link: [https://github.com/majstorm/restaurant-booking](https://github.com/majstorm/restaurant-booking)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/majstorm
[product-screenshot]: docs/logo.png
